
                       Welcome to Battletech MUX

Battletech MUX is a TinyMUX 1.6 based MUX server with special Battletech
extentions. If you don't know what that means, this source release is not
for you; instead, connect to Battletech 3030MUX:

   telnet://btech.dhs.org:3030/

and play the game before setting up your own server.

To find out how to install this piece of software, see the INSTALL file. The
rest of this README describes the history of the code, in rough outlines, as
well as the rationale behind the license (which can be found in the file
LICENSE)



This MUX is the result of nearly 10 years of development in one form or
another. It started with a TinyMUSE based server, in '92 or '93. Its primary
site was also the most popular BattleTech MU* to date, 3056MUSE. After that
the code was ported to/reimplemented with TinyMUSH by the Animudiacs crew,
who ran, among other servers, 3034-II (which later turned into 3035) and
Varxsis (a non-battletech universe with similar technology.) Somewhat
simultaneously, Markus Stenberg (aka Fingon) ported the original MUSE code
to TinyMUX, implementing a lot of ideas from the Animudiacs sites and
implementing a lot more from scratch, both official Battletech rules and
brandnew ideas. The main MUX site has always been 3030MUX.

Fingon continued development until about '98, after which he released the
source to public in a restricted license and retired. Development for 3030
was continued by several of the 3030MUX Wizards, most notably Thomas Wouters
(Focus) and Cord Awtry (Spectre). After some prods from people running their
own spinoffs from the original 'public' release by Fingon, Fingon, Spectre
and Focus wrote a new licence, the 3030MUX Artistic License, and released
the actual 3030MUX source tree under it. The MUX source also moved to
SourceForge for its main development.

We would like to give credit where it's due. Unfortunately, because of the
long and confusing history of this actual source as well as the ideas in
other MUSEs, MUSHes and MUXes that inspired the MUX code, we cannot.
Basically, it means anyone who worked on TinyMUSE, TinyMUSH and TinyMUX,
both with and without battletech extentions, as well as those people who
actually built and ran the Battletech MUSE, MUSH and MUX worlds out there.
If you're one of them, and you want to be listed in a CREDITS file, let us
know.

                                LICENSE

This code is distributed under the 3030MUX Artistic License, a modified
Artistic License, which you should find in a file 'LICENSE' accompanying the
actual source code. The changes to the Artistic License are minimal:
sections 3.b, 3.c, 4.b and 7 are scrapped, and the rest of the sections were
renumbered to fill the gaps. No other changes were made. The net result of
these changes is that if you want to host a game with a modified version of
this source, you HAVE TO make that source available. Either by publically
putting it up a website, or by sending it back to the original authors (a
SourceForge patch submission will do.) You do not, however, have to wait for
the authors to incorporate the changes before you use them; making them
available is enough.

The rest of the Artistic License restrictions are the same: You cannot
charge money for this source, though you can charge money for supporting
this source. MUX 'softcode' that you use in a game is considered part of the
configuration/scripting of the MUX, and does not fall under the 3030MUX
Artistic License: you can do anything you like with it, including selling
it. 

The original authors of the code retain their copyright. The source is not
yours. You are given permission to use it. Actual authors are listed in the
files themselves. When attribution in the 'src/' directory is missing,
assuem David Passmore. When attribution in src/hcode or any other directory
is missing, assume Markus Stenberg. If you see code of your own
unattributed, please let us know.

